Clarify NULL handling for placeholders (#421)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/attributes/null_handling.md

## Requirements

* Columns MUST use NULL when there isn't a value that can be specified for a nullable column.

> * Columns MUST NOT use empty strings or placeholder values to represent a (NULL/No Value) such as 0 for numeric columns or "Not Applicable" for string columns, regardless of whether the column allows nulls or not.

Reviewer: The casing and parentheses here seem odd. Would this convey the same intent...? Other than that, this conceptually looks good.
```suggestion
* Columns MUST NOT use empty strings or placeholder values to represent not having a value such as 0 for numeric columns or "Not Applicable" for string columns, regardless of whether the column allows nulls or not.
```
